Docs/ipfs hash tests & fixer script (#193)
valory-xyz/open-aea: docs/multiplexer-standalone.md

The `Multiplexer` can be used stand-alone. This way a developer can utilise the protocols and connections independent of the `Agent` or `AEA` classes.

> First, import the Python and application specific libraries and set the static variables. (Get the packages directory from the AEA repository `aea fetch PUBLIC_ID_OR_HASH`.)

Reviewer: Same problem as above

> First, import the Python and application specific libraries and set the static variables. (Get the packages directory from the AEA repository `aea fetch PUBLIC_ID_OR_HASH`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, import the Python and application specific libraries and set the static variables. (Get the packages directory from the AEA repository `svn export https://github.com/valory-xyz/open-aea.git/trunk/packages`.)
```
